{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 				Some ideas to make language better \
\
HashTables where strings are keys\
\
String Concatenation??\
Regex? Regular Expression? \'97 NO Regular expression\
Maintaining current Filepointer state in terms of Columns, rows\
Functions definitions in order? \
Error handling?\
Column wise read by deliminitor ?? How to handle error in that case?\
\
DataTypes\
Dictionaries or array of string? Complex arrays definition ? \
http://perldoc.perl.org/perldsc.html#MORE-ELABORATE-RECORDS\
String?? \
\
Operator precedence table?? \
\
Array or list and what should be difference ??\
\
Function definitions?? Return type?  \
Find and replace functionalities should be implemented \
http://perldoc.perl.org/perlfaq4.html\
\
Printing formats? \
print %d %d or print $1 $2, \
Precisions constraints\
\

\b Constants??? Error Handling?? Array or list and what should be difference ??Function definitions?? Return type?  Complex arrays definition ?
\b0  
\b \

\b0 \
@array[12,4,5,2]\
\
Important http://perldoc.perl.org/perlfaq5.html\
\
Inbuilt functions\
Sort \
split\
length\
open\
substring??\
merge??\
divide??\
\
\
keywords\
if \
else\
while\
foreach\
\
\
Start and End of program\
\
\
\
Some symbols\
| - Pipe Combining results\
Print combine results using , \
@ - Call a function? \
\{\} expressions - \
$ - refer a variable? like Perl\
-> \
>> insert into file directly \
\\n\
?\
::\
\
}